3In this lesson, you learned about
the prediction problem and the two main classes of solutions,
model based solutions and data driven solutions.
You also learned about one particular hybrid approach which uses
a Gaussian naive bayes classifier to predict driver behavior.
There isn't any one correct approach.
That's part of what makes the prediction problem so fundamentally difficult.
In fact, in this lesson we actually made
a simplifying assumption by only considering one object at a time.
If you were to take into account multiple objects,
then you would also have to take into account interactions between those objects.
These interactions can get very complex, very quickly.
Fortunately, even when you only consider one object at a time,
you can still make useful predictions.
This is especially true during highway driving
which is the situation you'll be dealing with in the final project.
Good luck and safe driving.